0. Export json, and import json are out of sync, I exported a file models/HKUST-1-Cu-2BTC-4.json which I was not able to import[Error: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'x')]. The Basic HKUST model that loads at start up is hardcode, remove the hardcode, and load the default molecule from the file models/HKUST-1-Cu-2BTC-4.json.
1. Snap Grid Feature: It can be too restrictive, The threshold of snaps is too large.
2. Adding atoms at correct places is very difficult using the existing set of tools.
3. There is no option to just type in the bond length and bond angles to edit the atoms.
4. Cu Cu bond formation is represented by dotted line, there is no such option to change the bond representation in the edit band model.
5. SUPERCELL TILING is not very good when the molecule is large and is not quite useful. Instead of ghost molecule extending the molecule using bonds and atoms would be a better way to visualise.
6. Polyhedra list should become large, there should be a grouping allowed with the list, presets should be pre-grouped. View and hide(eye button toggle) functionality should also be there for each polyhedron and each group, there should be an isolate toggle button to view only that polyhedron or the group and hide the rest. Hovering over a polyhedron should highlight it similarly, Hovering over a group should highlight all polyhedrons in the group. Give colour changing capabilities to individual polyhedron and polyhedron group, Each polyhedron should have an identification, an id shown with a number on the right side of the polyhedron list. Groups should be visibly collapsible, all this is applicable to cavity spheres as well.
7. All three glass tiles where metrics, polyhedron lists, settings, presets and tools lie, should be in side a collapsable section, since viewing the application in a smaller screen makes it difficult for the user to view the molecule.
8. Selecting a set of molecules and duplicating it is currently not posiible. Atom grouping and polyhedron grouping can work together, since polyhedrons are made from atoms a polyhedron/polyhedron group is also a set of atoms, selecting the polyhedron group selects all atoms in the polyhedon/group. 
9. Grouping a set of atoms is not possible. Let's say the basic HKUST-1 molecule is made up of 8 paddlewheel units. We should be able to select a set of atoms, create groups, and perform operations on them, like duplicate it, delete it, move it, etc. 
10. Selecting a set of atoms is very difficult using the existing set of tools. There should be bulk select options, like double clicking an atom selects all atoms directly connected to it, then double cliking again selects all atoms connected to the previously selected atoms and so on. Tripple clicking on an atom selects all atoms connected to that atom.
11. Tool tips are too cluttery, hides the mouse cursor, remove bond, legth and bond angle tooltips, move the information to the bottom of the screen, such as the atom type, bond length, bond angle, etc. Only show the information when the mouse is hovering over an atom or a bond/bond angle. You can also show the x,yx,z coordinates of the atom.

12. selecting and atom creates axis, but when I delete that atom the axis remains there. It should vanish as well.
13. There is no option to pan the entire scene, I want my x-y plane to be infinite, and I should be able to move the molecule in the x-y plane.
14. There should be a save session and save file option, where the application saves the session and logs everything in a file in the users' system, this can be used to load the application from where it was left. This can also be used to create versions of the sessions, save view, and other setting within the application and load them whenever needed.


Below feedbacks can be seperated to a seperate application:  A new way to presnt interactive objects in a 3D space, like a powerpoint but in 3D. 
15. I want to choose to sperate out the origin. For example I can have 2 origins with 2 molecules in the same scene, one at (0,0,0) and the other at (10,10,0), and could switch scenes/origins using up-down-left-right-arrows this alows us to change origins one at a time and keep the view locked wrt to that perticular origin, If I select a molecule and apply shift origin in plane it should shift the origin of that molecule in the x-y plane keeping in mind noting collides, if there are objects adjacent to the direction I want to shift the origin to, it should shift all other molecules in the direction of the shift to fit this new origin and it's molecule/object.New origins are added only to the x-y plane.
16. I also want to add custom object in the scene, like texts and images, and create a ppt like view where I could bascially tell a story without leaving the application. Editing slides in the 3D modal should be user friendly. Switching origins using the left right up down keys should move the view and origin a point on the same x-y plane (z does not change) moving right will shift the origin to (10,0,0) from (0,0,0) and moving up should shift the origin to (0,0,0) from (0,10,0) and so on. The value by which the origin is shifted depends on the screen size. No 2 Origins can share the same screen view [May be a little bit of perspective, but not too much]. Shifting origins should look like shifting ppt slides but in 3D space. Importing slides, pptx file and distributing each slide into individual planes should be available. For example If I load a ppt with 10 slides, it should create 10 Origins,and I could rearrange them into different planes/origins and I could switch between them using the up-down-left-right-arrows keys. I should be able to edit the slides as well after import. Basic editing options should be there for the imported objects. Other 3D object files can also be imported on the planes.
17. The animation-export.md feature should be part of this application 3D PPT Appliation.

